1. Cloud Computing (Cloud services models or Core services)
	Q. In which of the following service models the hardware is virtualized in the cloud? (Answer: d)
	a. NaaS
	b. PaaS
	c. CaaS
	d. LaaS
2. EC2
	Q. Which EC2 Purchasing Option can provide you the biggest discount, but it is not suitable for critical jobs or databases? (Answer: c)
	a. Convertible Reserved Instances
	b. Dedicated Hosts
	c. Spot Instances
	d. On Demand
3. IAM
	Q. What is a proper definition of an IAM Role? (Answer: b)
	a. IAM Users in multiple User Groups
	b. An IAM entity that defines a set of permissions for making requests to AWS services, and will be used by an AWS service
	c. An IAM entity that defines a password policy for IAM Users
	d. Permissions assigned to IAM Users to perform actions
4. S3
	Q. You have a 25 GB file that you're trying to upload to S3 but you're getting errors. What is a possible solution for this? (Answer: c)
	a. The file size limit on S3 is 5 GB
	b. Update your bucket policy to allow the larger file
	c. Use Multi-Part upload when uploading files larger than 5GB
	d. Encrypt the file
5. RDS
	Q. Amazon RDS supports the following databases, EXCEPT: (Answer: a)
	a. MongoDB
	b. MySQL
	c. MariaDB
	d. Microsoft SQL Server
6. ALB
	Q. Application Load Balancers support the following protocols, EXCEPT: (Answer: d)
	a. HTTP
	b. HTTPS
	c. WebSocket
	d. TCP
7. ASG
	Q. You have an application hosted on a set of EC2 instances managed by an Auto Scaling Group that you configured both desired and maximum capacity to 3. Also, you have created a CloudWatch Alarm that is configured to scale out your ASG when CPU Utilization reaches 60%. Your application suddenly received huge traffic and is now running at 80% CPU Utilization. What will happen? (Answer: b)
	a. The desired capacity will go up to 4 and the maximum capacity will stay at 3
	b. Nothing
	c. The desired capacity will go up to 4 and the maximum capacity will stay at 4
	d. ASG will shut down
8. SQS
	Q. You have an SQS Queue where each consumer polls 10 messages at a time and finishes processing them in 1 minute. After a while, you noticed that the same SQS messages are received by different consumers resulting in your messages being processed more than once. What should you do to resolve this issue? (Answer: c)
	a. Enable Long Polling
	b. Add DelaySeconds parameter to the messages when being produced
	c. Increase the Visibility Timeout
	d. Decrease the Visibility Timeout
9. SNS
	Q. Which of the following is NOT a supported subscriber for AWS SNS? (Answer: a)
	a. Amazon Kinesis Data Streams
	b. Amazon SQS
	c. AWS Lambda
	d. HTTP(S) Endpoint